- [Instructor] Hi, my name is Ketkee,
and I have been doing Java J2EE development
for the last 10 years.
I am going to walk you through
this JSP servlets API course.
Servlets or JPSs is the fundamental building block
of any web application.
If you look at frameworks that we have today
like Struts, Spring MVC, JSF,
all of them have been built on these basic APIs.
So in this course we are going to explore
a lot of important topics
like servlets, filters, listeners.
We will also see how do you do session management
for a website through these APIs.
After that we will take a deep dive
into some of the important JSP components.
Using servlets and JPS's components
we are going to build a web application
as a part of this course.
So let's get started.